Ramaze 2012.04.14 was just released, this release is mostly a bug fix
release. This release does not contain any of the Innate/Ramaze
improvements as mentioned in the previous release announcement, those
will be put in the next release (of which the date has not yet been
confirmed).

## Changelog

* The Redis adapter (Ramaze::Cache::Redis) has been fixed so that it
  works with sessions, previously this would result in "Can't convert
  into symbol" errors and the like. This problem was caused by not
  encoding data using Marshal. Thanks to EdvardM for reporting the
  issue.
* The Redis cache adapter namespaces keys just like the other adapters.
* Ramaze::Cache::MemCache has been updated for the latest version of
  Dalli and should no longer display deprecation warnings. The minimum
  required version of Dalli has been set to at least 2.0.2.
* Various documentation improvements and additions.
* The HTML of the pagination helper can now be customized, thanks to
  Leucos and bougyman for adding it.

I also like to remind you that the next release of Ramaze will *not* be
backwards compatible with previous releases. This is because manveru
made a few changes to Innate that make it *a lot* faster, this change
however, required the removal of the middleware compiler (in order to
keep Innate under 2k LOC). In the coming days Ramaze will be updated so
that it will work properly with these changes. An announcement will be
made when these changes have been comitted so that developers can
prepare for this release.

As always, for any information or questions you're more than welcome to
join the IRC channel #ramaze on freenode.
