Today marks the day of another Ramaze release, Ramaze 2012.03.07. With this
release also comes a new version of Innate, also 2012.03. A full list of the
changes of both frameworks can be found below.

However, there is one important change that you should be aware of: Ramaze is
no longer dual licensed under the GPL/Ruby licenses but instead is now licensed
under the MIT license. This license gives more freedom and is a lot easier to
understand. For those interested the conversation that started the idea of
changing the license can be found here: <https://gist.github.com/1664358>.

## Changelog for Ramaze

* Various documentation improvements, massive thanks to John Pagonis for
  his contributions.
* CSRF tokens are re-generated on valid requests. This fixes the problem
  of these tokens being invalidated after 15 minutes regardless of
  valid requests being executed or not.
* View adapters automatically install required Gems using
  Ramaze.setup().
* Support for the Slim template engine thanks to Marc Weber.
* Various small code cleanups such as the removal of trailing
  whitespace, YARD formatting issues, etc.

## Changelog for Innate

* Fixed various YARD formatting issues.
* The render helper can now render views that don't have corresponding
  methods when the trait `:needs_method` is set to true. This means that
  for example `render_view(:foo)` works if there's a view "foo" but not
  method "foo()". Previously doing this would trigger an error saying
  the render call required a method.
* Fixed an issue for Rack::Cascade in Rack 1.4.1.
* The speed of Innate::Cache has been improved and should trigger less
  warnings.

## Upcoming Changes

With this blog post I'd also like to announce some upcoming changes in both
Innate and Ramaze. Earlier today Michael managed to make some patches for
Innate that resulted in a massive performance increase (from 300 reqs/sec to
around 2000).

However, for this patch to be pulled into Innate various changes have to be
made which in turn would lead to Innate using more than 2k LOC. To work around
this we've been thinking of throwing a few things (that were annoying in the
first place) away. These are Innate::Session and the middleware compiler. The
former isn't a huge issue as Rack already has a perfectly fine way of handling
sessions. The latter however is a very big change and will break a lot of
existing applications out there, hence this announcement.

The removal of the middleware compiler would mean that all the methods related
to "compiling" the middleware list (methods such as Innate.middleware!) will be
removed, thus breaking existing code that relies on the presence of these
methods.

The advantage of this is that both Innate and Ramaze will instead use the code
provided by Rack, thus making it easier for us to maintain both frameworks as
well as making it easier for others to use Rack middlewares without having to
learn how to use the middleware compiler.

While none of these changes have been pushed to Github yet it's more than
likely that this will happen in the near future as we agreed that such big
performance improvements were worth the effort of breaking existing code. Once
we have determined in which version these changes will be included I'll send
another email to notify developers so that they can prepare themselves and
their projects.
